I have a couple of cases I'd like to start this Autumn. I'd prefer to go the commercial law route. That is to say, I'd like to put a lien on someone's property.  

One case is rock solid. The second is harder to prove. 

I have many emails to prove the following case:

I had a local 'friend' who I lent some money to. A tiny amount, 3000TWD. Yes, I know, nothing.  I'd like to come after him for that, and then damages because of multiple death and violence threats. I have a six page document, and literally hundreds of email rants. 

When I asked him to pay the money back, he sent all sorts of weird emails. All of them are stored in gmail.

He also admitted he owed me money on emails many times.

Including:

1) 再見面時。就是我看著斷頭臺上行刑。

Zài jiànmiàn shí. Jiùshì wǒ kànzhe duàntóutái shàng xíngxíng.

When we meet again, it's me watching the guillotine perform torture.


2) 你的血可以用來祭拜上帝

Nǐ de xuè kěyǐ yòng lái jì bài shàngdì

Your blood can be used to worship God.


3) 哈哈大笑?!花用你的錢!我花得好爽快。
ㄧ毛都不會給你，哈哈大笑

Hāhā dà xiào?! Huā yòng nǐ de qián! Wǒ huā dé hǎo shuǎngkuài.
Yi1 máo dōu bù huì gěi nǐ, hāhā dà xiào

Haha laughing, I will use your money. Won't give you one Mao. Laughing.

4) 不再有mercy!你百分之百是敵人，並且中國人的歷史仇恨。必須由英國佬的血債血還。

Bù zài yǒu mercy! Nǐ bǎifēnzhībǎi shì dírén, bìngqiě zhōngguó rén de lìshǐ chóuhèn. Bìxū yóu yīngguó lǎo de xuèzhài xuè hái.

No more mercy! You are 100% the enemy and the historical hatred of the Chinese. It must be paid by the blood of the British.




Thisd is a tiny sample of the mails I received. I can easily make a case that he's an unhinged, fanatical lunatic. 

I'd like to find a lawyer who could advise on a case like this. Especially one who understood liens, tacit consent and commercial law.

That's the first case. Solid evidence of death and violent threats.

~O~

The second case involves Special Needs Instotutes, Heeren Loo, Kriss Kross, The Dutchman, Steve of Hongshulin and the livestreaming industry. Those words will either make sense to you, or not. If you can touch a case like that, please let me know. 

A lawyer in the Nangang area would be especially useful


